`Player Not Found` added to FAQ (#152)
R2Northstar/NorthstarWiki: docs/faq.md

However your progress on official servers is not lost, so running vanilla client after playing on Northstar you should be back to your old level on official servers.

### Q: I get an error message saying "Player Not Found" or "Invalid Master Server Token"

> These two errors can commonly be fixed for the average user by following the guide [here](installing-northstar/troubleshooting.md#player-not-foundinvalid-master-server-token). "Invalid Master Server Token" can also be caused by the Master server being down, howevever this is normally not the cause of the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These two errors can commonly be fixed for the average user by following the guide [here](installing-northstar/troubleshooting.md#player-not-foundinvalid-master-server-token). "Invalid Master Server Token" can also be caused by the Northstar master server being offline, however this is normally not the cause of the error.
```
